procedures: Add readiness init container docs (#2139)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}"]
= Enabling readiness init containers for Operator installer

This section describes how to enable (disable) components readiness init containers for {prod-short} in case of Operator installer.

.Prerequisites

. {prod} installed with Operator installer.

.Procedure

. Find {prod-short} Operator deployment name.

. Edit the deployment by adding `ADD_COMPONENT_READINESS_INIT_CONTAINERS` environment variable.
Insert (remove) the following under `spec.template.spec.containers[0].env` section of the Operator deployment:
+
```yaml
 - name: ADD_COMPONENT_READINESS_INIT_CONTAINERS
   value: "true"
```

> . Wait while {prod-short} Operator restarts some components.

Reviewer: I guess, you can also notify user to modify deployment after each update in this doc too...

Author: Agree, thanks

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="enabling-queue-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}"]
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}"]
```

> = Enabling readiness init containers for Operator installer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Enabling queue init containers for Operator installer
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Enabling and disabling readiness init containers for Operator installer
```

> To enable or disable readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator installer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Readiness init containers are not enabled by default. 

To enable or disable readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator installer:
```

> This section describes how to enable (disable) components readiness init containers for {prod-short} in case of Operator installer.

Reviewer 2: IBM Style, p. 22:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/139859726-f909a576-edcf-4930-b0d3-3b369ab7b9a5.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable or disable queue init containers for {prod-short} installed using the Operator installer:
```

.Prerequisites

> . {prod} installed with Operator installer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {prod} installed with Operator installer.
```

.Procedure

> . Find {prod-short} Operator deployment name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Find {prod-short} Operator Deployment name.
```

> . Edit the deployment by adding `ADD_COMPONENT_READINESS_INIT_CONTAINERS` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Edit the Deployment as follows: Under `spec.template.spec.containers[0].env` of the Operator Deployment, insert (remove) the following lines with the `ADD_QUEUE_INIT_CONTAINERS` environment variable:
```
I understand this suggestion to modify the environment variable name may go beyond the docs repo.

> Insert (remove) the following under `spec.template.spec.containers[0].env` section of the Operator deployment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
```

>  - name: ADD_COMPONENT_READINESS_INIT_CONTAINERS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - name: ADD_QUEUE_INIT_CONTAINERS
```
I understand this suggestion may go beyond the docs repo.

Author: Yes, I'd like to avoid changing code from docs.

   value: "true"

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
```

. Wait while {prod-short} Operator restarts some components.

> NOTE: Repeat these steps after each {prod-short} upgrade when a new Operator deployment is created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Repeat these steps after each {prod-short} upgrade when a new Operator Deployment is created.
```
